Hello dear poppy I try now
with the photo of this record edge too
show that at the beginning of the series is it
simply knit all reasonably fairly
the special feature comes at the end of the series
and you trick the last three
not mesh but the rides is
put forward like knitting to the left
and the last three stitches will be
so I'm off here now
that means rides forward
first measures broad mass third mass
stand does my thread hangs 44
Do not turn before the last three measures
the work is over and now it is the
next the new series and found quite
normal with the right dimensions to the first
tighten the chamber a bit tighter
second kick the fourth sometimes goes like that
a little bit heavier but also completely
normal and now you wear again
the same procedure at the end and at the end
is on each side whether left or right
always the last three stitches
do not stretch it trick it again
here to the end
I hope it is still in the film that are
my last three stitches after thread
front first take off second take off
third stand rides is forward by
trainer and measured again with right
Continue knitting
Kleist is the one idea for Qatar
finds it's all very pretty
because she also knew both sides
looks the same with me sometimes
The land mass is a bit big
and I really like it all
Well